ocean_gke_vng-support (#210)
spotinst/terraform-provider-spotinst: docs/resources/ocean_gke_launch_spec.md

The following arguments are supported:

* `ocean_id` - (Required) The Ocean cluster ID.

> * `node_pool_name` - (Optional) The node pool you wish to use in your launchSpec.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `node_pool_name` - (Optional) The node pool you wish to use in your Launch Spec.
```

    * `key` - (Required) The label key.
    * `value` - (Required) The label value.
* `restrict_scale_down` - (Optional) Boolean. When set to `true`, VNG nodes will be treated as if all pods running have the restrict-scale-down label. Therefore, Ocean will not scale nodes down unless empty.

> * `root_volume_type` - (Optional) Set the root volume disk type. Valid values: `"pd-standard"`, `"pd-ssd"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `root_volume_type` - (Optional) Root volume disk type. Valid values: `"pd-standard"`, `"pd-ssd"`.
```

> * `root_volume_size` - (Optional) Set root volume size (in GB).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `root_volume_size` - (Optional) Root volume size (in GB).
```

> * `instance_types` - (Optional) A array of supported machine types for the Launch Spec.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `instance_types` - (Optional) List of supported machine types for the Launch Spec.
```
